Studying abroad is one of the most competitive programs and experiences an undergraduate in the United States can participate in. The study abroad program I plan to take part in will be the College of Engineering in Tokyo, Japan program; where I will be studying fundamentals of Electrical Engineering with doctor Changzhi Li. There are many academic advantages that come with enrolling in study abroad programs that align with my personal goals. For example, a few of my essential academic goals that align with the abroad program include engaging and interacting in a challenging and culturally diverse environment as well as extending my capacity for work to locations outside of the United States. My grand personal goal in life is to always expand my scholarship as a person, engineer, and scientist. For starters, going abroad with the college of engineering in Japan will broaden my horizons as a computer engineering student by allowing me to immerse myself into a different culture and gain insightful perspectives to challenging problems. In Japan, I will face different cases that are not common in the United States- such as advanced language barriers, and cultural etiquette with formalities. These skills refine me into a successful engineer academically by also giving me even more practice with various backgrounds of professors, peers, and mentors. Financially, I am a first-generation student, and am paying for college primarily by myself on scholarship and with a part-time student assistant position with the university. I live off-campus in a single studio apartment, paying my own rent, groceries, utilities, and wi fi each month. I ask that my parents do not support me as much as possible so that I may learn the responsibilities of an adult before I graduate college. I am saving my best from my summer job and part time position with GEAR robotics, and scholarship money to afford my degree and study abroad program at the University. The aid offered with this scholarship would relieve immense financial pressure from myself since I am trying the do-it-yourself route and make the door to a new world of experiences that much more accessible. I am grateful for the opportunities available to me with Texas Tech, and want to travel to Japan to expand myself academically and personally while remaining in a financially acceptable position as well as a full-time student of computer engineering. Studying abroad is one of the most competitive programs and experiences an undergraduate in the United States can participate in. The study abroad program I am proudly taking a part in will be the College of Engineering in Tokyo, Japan program, where I will be studying fundamentals of Electrical Engineering with doctor Changzhi Li. There are many academic advantages that come with enrolling in study abroad programs that align with my own goals. For example, a few of my essential academic goals that align with the abroad program include engaging and interacting in a challenging and culturally diverse environment as well as extending my capacity for work to locations outside of the United States. For starters, going abroad with the college of engineering in Japan will broaden my horizons as a computer engineering student by allowing me to immerse myself into a different culture and gain different perspectives to challenging problems. In Japan, I will face different challenges to Japan that aren’t present in the United States- such as advanced language barriers, and cultural etiquette with formalities. These help me become a successful engineer academically by also giving me even more practice with various backgrounds of professors, peers, and mentors. Financially, I am a first-generation student, and am paying for college primarily by myself on scholarship and with a part-time student assistant position with the university. I live off-campus in a single studio apartment, paying my own rent, groceries, utilities, and wi-fi each month. I ask that my parents do not support me as much as possible so that I may learn the responsibilities of an adult before I graduate college. I am saving my best from my summer job and part time position with GEAR robotics, and scholarship money to afford my degree and study abroad program at the University. The aid offered with this scholarship would relieve immense financial pressure from myself since I am trying the do-it-yourself route and make the door to a new world of experiences that much more accessible. I am grateful for the opportunities available to me with Texas Tech, and want to travel to Japan to expand myself academically and personally while remaining in a financially acceptable position as well as a full-time student of computer engineering.
